# Requisitions

### Requisition Types
- Purchase
- Internal

### Requisitions:
- Are generated by applications like Inventory, Work in Process (WIP), Advanced Supply
Chain Planning (ASCP) and Order Management
• May be entered manually through Oracle Purchasing windows
• May be entered using Oracle iProcurement
• May be imported from external systems

### With Oracle Purchasing, you can:
- Create, edit, and review requisition information on-line. You can enter suggested supplier information, delivery instructions, multiple accounting distributions, and notes to buyers, approvers, and receivers.
- Review the current status and action history of your requisitions. You always know who approves requisitions and whether they are in the approval, purchasing, receiving, or delivery stage.
- Route requisitions according to your approval structure. You can set authorization limits by amount, charge account, item category, and location.
- Review and approve requisitions that need your approval. You can see the full requisition detail and review the action history before you approve a requisition.
- Print requisitions (with status Approved, Cancelled, Rejected, In Process, Pre-Approved, and Returned) for off- line review and approval. You can always be able to track the status of requisitions through the approval process.
- Automatically source requisitions from outstanding blanket purchase agreements or quotations you have received from suppliers.
- Create requisitions quickly and easily for commonly purchased items.
- Provide attachments as notes on requisition headers and lines.
- Assign requisition lines to buyers and review buyer assignments for requisition lines.
- Forward all requisitions awaiting approval from one approver to an alternate approver. within your security and approval constraints, you can reroute requisitions from one approver to another whenever you want.
- Source goods from your own inventory with internal requisitions.




# RFQs and Quotations

# Suppliers

# Purchase Orders
# Internal Sales Orders

# Receiving

# Invoicing

# Payment

# Integration


# Approvals

# AutoCreate


Page 58-108

Chapter 3: Enterprise Structure - Locations, Organizations, and Items



